com/examples/core/ui/dialog/BaseNetworkingDialog_Factory.java
 com.examples.core.ui.dialog.BaseNetworkingDialog_Factory
 com.examples.core.ui.dialog.BaseNetworkingDialog_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/examples/core/ui/fragment/BaseUiHelper_Factory.java
 com.examples.core.ui.fragment.BaseUiHelper_Factory
 com.examples.core.ui.fragment.BaseUiHelper_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/examples/core/ui/view_model/BaseViewModel_Factory.java
 com.examples.core.ui.view_model.BaseViewModel_Factory
 com.examples.core.ui.view_model.BaseViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/examples/core/data/mapper/CloudErrorMapper_Factory.java
 com.examples.core.data.mapper.CloudErrorMapper_Factory
com/examples/core/ui/fragment/NetworkBaseFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.examples.core.ui.fragment.NetworkBaseFragment_MembersInjector
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_examples_core_data_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_examples_core_data_di_NetworkModule
com/examples/core/data/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitFactory.java
 com.examples.core.data.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitFactory
com/examples/core/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.examples.core.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.examples.core.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.examples.core.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/examples/core/ui/view_model/BaseViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.examples.core.ui.view_model.BaseViewModel_HiltModules
 com.examples.core.ui.view_model.BaseViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.examples.core.ui.view_model.BaseViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/examples/core/databinding/DialogLoadingBinding.java
 com.examples.core.databinding.DialogLoadingBinding
com/examples/core/ui/dialog/BaseDialogFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.examples.core.ui.dialog.BaseDialogFragment_MembersInjector
com/examples/core/data/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.examples.core.data.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory
com/examples/core/BuildConfig.java
 com.examples.core.BuildConfig
com/examples/core/data/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesGsonFactory.java
 com.examples.core.data.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesGsonFactory
 com.examples.core.data.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesGsonFactory$InstanceHolder
com/examples/core/databinding/DialogNetworkingErrorsBinding.java
 com.examples.core.databinding.DialogNetworkingErrorsBinding
com/examples/core/ui/dialog/BaseBottomSheetFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.examples.core.ui.dialog.BaseBottomSheetFragment_MembersInjector
com/examples/core/BR.java
 com.examples.core.BR
com/examples/core/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.examples.core.DataBindingTriggerClass
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_examples_core_ui_view_model_BaseViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_examples_core_ui_view_model_BaseViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_examples_core_ui_view_model_BaseViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_examples_core_ui_view_model_BaseViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/examples/core/databinding/ActivityBaseBinding.java
 com.examples.core.databinding.ActivityBaseBinding
com/examples/core/data/di/NetworkModule_LoggingInterceptorFactory.java
 com.examples.core.data.di.NetworkModule_LoggingInterceptorFactory
 com.examples.core.data.di.NetworkModule_LoggingInterceptorFactory$InstanceHolder
com/examples/core/databinding/ActivityCommonBinding.java
 com.examples.core.databinding.ActivityCommonBinding
com/examples/core/data/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesGsonConverterFactoryFactory.java
 com.examples.core.data.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesGsonConverterFactoryFactory
com/examples/core/utils/EndlessRecyclerViewScrollListener.java
 com.examples.core.utils.EndlessRecyclerViewScrollListener
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/examples/core/ui/view_model/BaseViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.examples.core.ui.view_model.BaseViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.examples.core.ui.view_model.BaseViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
